# Canonical Customer Scenarios

To provide a common reference across the SCITT documents and use cases, we'll use a few fictitious software and hardware companies.

## Wabbit Networks

A small software company, producing network monitoring software. Wabbit Networks is likely not known by most customers, and therefore needs some verifiable identity and claims to assure customers can trust their software.

### Wabbit Networks Products

Wabbit Networks produces several software products, including:

- **Network Monitor**: network monitoring software that customers consume and run on their networks
  - **`net-monitor:v1`**: V1 of a container image
  - **`net evaluator`**: desktop installed software which evaluates the data generated by the net-monitor software
- **Device Drivers**: which are installed across a customers windows, mac and linux devices

## ACME Rockets

A small company that uses software to build and launch mission critical rockets. Like most companies, they consume software from multiple vendors and open source projects, and build internal systems to manage their operations.

ACME Rockets has development teams, operational software and critical software that operates their launch systems and software on their rockets. 

ACME Rockets operates across multiple clouds and has on-prem software, including software that operates in space, the ultimate in offline, occasionally connected networks.

## Public Software

> NOTE: how do we feel about using existing public registries, by name/type, or will this get into details implying how they may/should implement their registry services? Should we use some abstract names, and defer future SCITT implementations.
> 
> Assuming we keep with the agnostic names, we'll need some fun examples, across some common theme.

### Container Base Images

To enable custom app development, using containers, a set of base images are published on a public registry. Users build atop these base images, assuring the stream of updates meets their requirements.

### Public Packages

A set of public OSS packages available for consumption.
